In this video you will learn how to create a profile API.
Let's go ahead and do that technically for this specific route.
It will have to be methods attached to it.
One is get in and out of one is postmaster.
Logically speaking the way to create both HTP methods are so good.
A candid Yes.
And I do rather
fall rudder posts.
There's another way to be more efficient.
So you want to do rather.
And one should file and then we have Geoff and most so technically this is how it is.
Just like chaining method.
All right.
So you do want to save my colon here all you will see.
So we're just going to do it like this.
So it looks a bit nicer and you know under just one profile name center like this one.
So we don't remove this
and now we want to import our custom middleware.
So it was good topic here.
And Hans Jack jailable is giving me then wire me to where check NJDOT.
Awesome.
So here you are at Schacht is here.
And Daniel so smart and next
he wanted to do one
or
two.
No don't put a semicolon here.
It was in error.
So the first thing we did is we put middleware first which is Jack Jadavpur T.
It will run this Midwest first before proceeding with the function no matter what.
Technically it will run this function first.
It will check whether you provided the token or not.
If it's not then it will return.
You know no token it then it will find a single document which actually is the ID.
So we passed that requires that the code that user got going to token is provided.
Then this will have a value and then we simply you know response with three objects.
Success user which is the most important and the message.
So let's go ahead to our next one here and then let's go to our postman and let's test it out.
So we got the talking first.
Let's go out and test it first.
You can not get a response obviously because you haven't seen it yet.
So first
all right let's go to the postman.
It is a get method.
So to could just you do get it.
But we haven't you know send any token yet.
So we want to check whether it returns this area or not.
No token provide souls go to school and send.
All right it's an error.
Get a cost profile Let's go to use to you and serve as API.
Once again we always forgot we got to save this file first and save this file and then check out termino
magic happens.
All right.
So we go back here and then send no token can provide.
So now let's you know enter some token Zeeshan
and then you want to go to loggin.
So you want to log in again.
So this and try to correct one com pre so you get a token copy the entire thing copy here.
Good header.
Well you see here then you would send Filton Ted's token you know what because I copied all so.
Meaning it's a wrong token.
So it's correct.
That is not the right token to send it again.
Boom received the correct use object.
Awesome.
In the next video we will learn how to keep our users information so we can actually do it here.
I'll see you guys in the next video.